Handful of minor docs corrections (#7823)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/product-analytics/stickiness.mdx

-   Who are my most highly-engaged users?
-   Are users engaging more with my product now than they did a month ago?

## Creating a stickiness insight

> 1. Click 'Product Analytics' on the left sidebar
> 1. Click the '+ New Insights' tab
> 1. Select the 'Stickiness' tab

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click [Product Analytics](https://us.posthog.com/insights) on the left sidebar
1. Click the **+ New Insights** tab
1. Select the ** stickiness** tab
```
